Are heading level 1 Various text inputs
group start Enter your personal
information t-mobile.
com e-mail required Various text inputs
Enter your personal information,
comments and feedback Enter your personal
information group t-mobile.
com e-mail required.
Edit required and valid entry name,
anemail.
com type and text Phone number required.
name@email.com.
Edit required Invalid entry phone number
required.
Edit required Invalid entry format:
555-123-4567 type and text format: 55512
Username required.
Bland Edit required.
Invalid entry username required.
Edit required Invalid entry type and text
PAT Bland password.
Edit password ( 8 characters minimum
right paren required password Edit
password Edit password Edit required
invalid entry Show password checkbox not
checked group end group start comments
and feedback.
Let us know what you think.
Your comment password edit password edit
edit required invalid entry comments and
feedback group.
Your comment edit contains text type and
text.
Group End same page link back Enter same
page link back Enter your personal
information groupt-mobile.
com e-mail required edit required Invalid
entry name email.com type and text.
Phone number required edit required
invalid entry format: 555-123-4567 Type
and text.
Username required.
Edit required invalid entry type and text.
Password ( 8 characters minimum right
paren required.
Password edit required invalid entry type
and text Show password checkbox not
checked to check enver checked Enver not
checked Comments and feedback group.
Your comment edit contains text type and
text.